Document "Web3py" for sc develop section (#415)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/smart-contracts/libraries/web3-py.md

```
python -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
```

Next, install the Web3.py library:

```
pip install web3
```

## Set Up the Web3 Provider

The [provider](https://web3py.readthedocs.io/en/stable/providers.html){target=\_blank} configuration is the foundation of any Web3.py application. The following example establishes a connection to the Asset Hub network. To use the example script, replace `INSERT_RPC_URL` with the appropriate value. For example, for the Westend Asset Hub TestNet, you can use this specific connection parameter:

```python
PROVIDER_RPC = 'https://westend-asset-hub-eth-rpc.polkadot.io'
```

The provider connection script should look something like this:

```python title="connect_to_provider.py"
--8<-- "code/develop/smart-contracts/libraries/web3-py/connect_to_provider.py"
```

With the Web3 provider set up, you can start querying the blockchain.
For instance, to fetch the latest block number of the chain, you can use the following code snippet:

???+ code "Complete script"

    ```python title="fetch_last_block.py"
    --8<-- "code/develop/smart-contracts/libraries/web3-py/fetch_last_block.py"
    ```

## Contract Deployment

> To deploy your contracts, you'll have previously compiled them and get two key files: an ABI (.json) file, which provides a JSON interface describing the contract's functions and how to interact with it, and a bytecode (.polkavm) file, which contains the low-level machine code executable on [PolkaVM](/polkadot-protocol/smart-contract-basics/polkavm-design#polkavm){target=\_blank} that represents the compiled smart contract ready for blockchain deployment.

Reviewer: I would rephrase this paragraph a bit. Something like: Before deploying your contracts make sure you compiled them and obtained the two files ....

To follow this guide, you can use the following solidity contract as an example:

```solidity title="Storage.sol"
--8<-- "code/develop/smart-contracts/libraries/web3-py/Storage.sol"
```

To deploy your compiled contract to Asset Hub using Web3.py, you'll need an account with a private key to sign the deployment transaction. The deployment process is exactly the same as for any EVM-compatible chain, involving creating a contract instance, estimating gas, and sending a deployment transaction. Here's how to deploy the contract, ensure replacing the `INSERT_RPC_URL` and `INSERT_PRIVATE_KEY` with the appropriate values:

```python title="deploy.py"
--8<-- "code/develop/smart-contracts/libraries/web3-py/deploy.py"
```

!!!warning
    Never commit or share your private key. Exposed keys can lead to immediate theft of all associated funds. Use environment variables instead.

## Interact with the Contract

> Once deployed, you can interact with your contract using Web3.py methods. Here's how to set a number and read it back, ensure replacing `INSERT_RPC_URL`, `INSERT_PRIVATE_KEY`, and `INSERT_CONTRACT_ADDRESS` with the appropriate values:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After deployment, interact with your contract using Web3.py methods. The example below demonstrates how to set and retrieve a number. Be sure to replace the `INSERT_RPC_URL`, `INSERT_PRIVATE_KEY`, and `INSERT_CONTRACT_ADDRESS` placeholders with your specific values:
```
